# The Tapes

"There are six months of footage here."  Michael complained, rubbing his eyes.  The flash drive had found thousands of video files on the office PC, and each video was a boring and grainy picture with a seemingly random name and no time stamp.  

"I know."  Gracie agreed.  "Maybe we should call someone in.  There has to be some way to narrow down the search."

"Do you want the council involved?" Michael asked and she shook her head.  

"No.  Bad idea."  She reached for her coffee and sipped it.  It had grown cold in the time she had been searching.  "Look, we can exclude anything that looks like day time, so that should take care of about half.  As for the rest, we'll just have to watch in fast forward or something."

It took hours to find what they were looking for.  The sun had set on the next evening when suddenly a sound of triumph came from Michael's throat.  Gracie set her laptop on the table and stood, shaking out her stiff arms before joining him on the other couch.

"I think I see him.  Here."  Michael pointed to the image where a grainy and blurred Uncle Joe was handing his ID to the bouncer at the front door.

"I think that's him."  She agreed.  She leaned in close to Michael.  His scent added to the intensity of her pounding heart.  "I hope this is the night we're looking for."  She said, remembering that Brian had known Joe as a regular.

"It has to be." Michael said.  "Or at least close to it."

They watched as Joe ambled out of view.  Michael held the video cursor and dragged it, moving the footage forward.  Forty five minutes later in the tape, they found what they were looking for.

The woman was much taller than her uncle.  He had his hand wrapped around her waist and they were strolling past the bouncer towards the outside.  Michael paused it.

"There she is."  He announced.  Gracie leaned in closer.

"Brian was right."  Michael looked at her curiously.  "The cook who kicked me out."  She explained.  "He said the woman was a hottie."

"Ah."

"Do you think she's a demon?"  Gracie asked suddenly, a light flickering on in her brain?  "Maybe he was so... stunned, by her beauty that he didn't notice?"

"Notice what?" He asked, and then it dawned on him.  "You think he didn't notice his demon sense raging?"

"If he was depressed, like you said, and he hadn't seen a demon in months..." She trailed off.  "I'm not saying he forgot how to be a guardian, but maybe he was just caught unawares."

"She is hot." Michael said contemplatively.  He rewound the footage a bit.  "There's no way to tell if she's a demon from this footage."  He mused.  "We wouldn't be able to tell unless we found her."

"Well, we know there are humanoids around."  Gracie said.  "So it is at least a possibility.  I wish they had a camera on their front door.  So we could see what happened next."  They watched her uncle and the woman exit.  Michael rewound the video and played it again.

"This is better than nothing."  He paused the video on her face and took a screenshot.  "Maybe we can print this up and post some flyers for a missing woman?"

"I don't think the council wants us drawing police attention."  Gracie said.  "Or, for that matter, I'm not sure that I want to draw council attention yet.  If anything, this is evidence showing him going rogue.  Maybe he left everything behind for this woman."  The word left a bad taste in her mouth.  If she was human, surely she was less than a woman.  Harlot?

"You're right."  Michael's answer startled her from her angry stupor.  "We should wait to tell the council about the tape."  Michael pursed his lips, and opened his mouth to say something else, but his phone vibrated angrily on the table and cut him off.

He leaned forward, over the laptop, to pick it up.  "Hello?"

"Michael." Regis' voice was clear and succinct.  "We've decided that seven demons in two days warrants a visit from the council and our back up force."

"Oh?"  Michael responded, glancing towards Gracie.  She nodded to indicate that she had heard.

"We're not saying Joe isn't rogue, but perhaps there's more to the picture than we realized."  Gracie knew that the admission was as close as the council would ever get to an apology.  "Are there any new details?"  Regis' question lingered in the air.  Gracie watched Michael, who hit play on the grainy video one last time.

"Not really."  He said dismissively, pausing the video.  Gracie flooded with relief.  Michael was on her side.

"Alright.  We've got about thirty people flying in.  Is there enough room at that house, or should we rent some RVs?"

"We can house eight or nine comfortably here."  Michael said fluidly.  "The rest will need a hotel.  Don't forget, it's cold here in Brookfield."

"We'll get heated RVs."  Regis said.  "First wave should come in tomorrow morning.  I and most of the council will be there in the afternoon."

"Shouldn't we split the forces?" Michael asked.  "In case this turns into a full fledged war?"

"We don't think it'll come to that.  But a few council members will be staying away, regardless.  There are plenty of other guardians scattered throughout the country should we need back up."  Regis said dismissively.  Gracie noted Michael's annoyance.

"Okay then." Michael said, almost gritting his teeth.  "I'll see you tomorrow."

"The girl's not giving you any trouble, is she?"  Regis asked, sounding more like a high school jock than a leader.

"Gracie is fine."  Michael said.  His jaw was clenched.

"Good to see someone get a handle on her."  Regis' laugh turned Gracie's vision red.  The misogyny rampant in the Guardian force was still alive and well.

"Good bye, Regis."  Michael hung up the phone and threw it across the room.  It landed with a thud against the door.

"Sorry."  He turned to Gracie.  "You know I don't see you like that, right?"  He set the laptop on the coffee table next to hers.  

"I hope not."  She said, rising, but he caught her arm and pulled her back down.

"I like you." He continued.  He was staring into her eyes and she felt the butterfly tingles that she had pushed down time and time again come back with an unmatched ferocity.  "This is an awful way to meet, and shit's getting kind of deep right now.  But I do like you."

"You can let me go."  She said, and he released her arm.  She was extremely uncomfortable.  She rose again.  "I'm not mad at you.  You didn't say those things."  She needed fresh air.

The front porch light had attracted a few hardier moths.  Gracie watched them fret and flitter, drawn by the heat and light.  The storm door squeaked behind her.

"Do you not like me?" Michael's voice was soft behind her.

"You're fine."  She said.  She could feel anticipation in her stomach. 

"No..."  His voice trailed off.  "I meant that I like you." He insisted.  "Like, like you."

"Very descriptive."  Gracie watched a moth get stuck between the bars of the light's cage.  "I... I don't know.  You're attractive, that's for damn sure."  She said.  It was somehow easier to say the words to the moths than it was to face the man behind her.  "You seem like a great guy.  It's just... I need to stay focused."  I don't want you to hurt me.  The words hung in the air.  "My uncle might not have a lot of time.  If he's not dead already.  When all of this gets sorted out," Gracie waved her arms through the night air, "Then, maybe."

"Can I touch you, Grace?"  His voice was closer now, his warm breath in her ear.  She realized that it was the first time he had used her name.  Her full name, not her nick name.  She considered his request, then noticed the fire in her belly and decided, why the fuck not?  She nodded her permission.

His warm arms wrapped around her and his chin rested on her shoulder.  He brushed a warm kiss across her neck.  

"I'm not saying forever."  He said quietly. "But how about tonight?"