# Conflicts

"Where were you?" Michael glanced up from the newspaper that he had been reading.  He was shirtless, the hair on his chest curly brown.  Gracie took a moment to appreciate the sight, before remembering that he was the enemy and she, the captive.  Still, her stomach tingled and she blushed when she met his eyes and he smiled knowingly.

"I went to explore Brookfield and found more than I bargained for."  She feigned innocence, throwing the SUV keys on the side table.  "I found a demon on the way out of the Tiger Bar and Grill."  She knew that he would either find out from her or the council about where the demon had been.  It might as well be her.

"A public sighting?"  He asked, setting the newspaper down.  "It attacked, presumably?"

"Yeah." She nodded.  "I called for clean up.  Bones are in the back.  Do we have the acid?"

"No one ever disposed of the tubs that you --- Joe --- left behind, so they should be back around the house.  Do you need help?  He stood up.  "I'll grab a shirt."

"There's no need."  She said, but he had already left the room.  

Gracie walked out the front door again.  Heading towards the SUV, Gracie popped open the back seat door and grimaced as a pile of bones fell out in front of her.  Good thing we're in a secluded location, Gracie thought, as she sighed and bent over to pick a few up.  Arms full, she stood and realized that Michael, now clothed, was staring at her efforts.

"While you're back there, try to find a wheelbarrow."  He said, jogging down the stairs towards the car.  "And when we're done with this, maybe you can share why you decided to go investigate the last place your uncle was at without me."

Shit. With no dignified way to answer, Gracie just dragged her armful of bones towards the side of the house and away from Michael's watchful eye.  The yard was framed by looming pine trees, the only splash of green in a barren landscape.  The tool shed stood crooked and broken, with two large, rusted yellow barrels on either side.  Their biohazard symbols gave them away as the demon-dumping ground of this guardian home.  She was grateful to leave the bones in a pile next to the can as she examined it.  She noticed the O-ring on top and pulled it.  The top pulled off easily and the cool winter air was filled with the smell of sulfuric acid.

Picking each bone up, she carefully placed them into the vat, watching them sizzle as they sank to the bottom.  She finished her armful then turned towards the door of the tool shed.  It opened easily to her pushing fingers, and she found the inside as decrepit as the outside.  It stank of rotting wood and mold, but she saw the rusted red wheelbarrow directly in front of her.  Triumphant, she reached for its splintered wood handles and pulled it backwards, out into the winter sun.  

"Oh, good.  You found one." Michael commented as he approached with the ribcage in one hand and the skull in the other, complete with lower jawbone.  "You really cleaned this guy up."  He said, dropping the skull to the ground to lift the ribcage with both hands.  He held it over the mouth of the barrel, frowning.

"Break the ribs off."  Gracie suggested, finding a level place to set the wheelbarrow before joining him.  "That's the only way it's going to fit."

"How big was this thing?"  He asked as the first rib snapped off in his hand.

"It was... large.  Bear sized, probably.  Great big hulking thing."

"No match for you, though?"  He asked.  She shrugged.

"It leapt and landed funny.  I was there.  It was one of the poorly formed demons.  Its flesh was not very strong."

"I think they send those to us just as fuel for nightmares."  He said amiably, snapping two more rib bones from the broken structure.  Gracie was a little weirded out by the encounter.  After an entire day of driving silently, this Michael seemed like a whole new person.  

"My tiger ripped it open and sucked its blood."  Guardians rarely spoke about their kills in broad daylight.  The words felt foreign on Gracie's lips.  

"Black?"

"And sweet as honey."  She agreed.  She was playing helper, accepting the bones he was breaking and placing them gently into the acid.  The barrel was close to full, the acid only inches from the top.  "I think we'll have to open the other one.  These must've not been emptied in a while."

"We'll see how far we can get first."  He said.  One side was done.  His hands were black with flecks of decayed flesh that had not made it into the tiger's stomach.  "I bet we can get this and maybe even the skull in there."  Snap.

"How did you know about the bar?"  She asked, accepting another two ribs from his dirtied hands.

"I was the person in charge of your uncle's disappearance.  Before the council called a meeting."

"So you've tried to find him?"  She asked, her attention suddenly focused on him.  He shook his head, hardness settling across his features. 

"No, but I did review all of his financials and I did visit this house after he lost contact."

"Do you think he's a traitor?"  She asked, glaring.  She dropped the bones he handed her from a little too high, and some acid splashed out of the container onto the ground.  They both leapt back instinctively.  Michael ignored her outburst.

"I think that it's suspicious.  After all, no portal has been constructed here in Brookfield.  They almost always use guardians to open larger portals when they can."

"What if they're waiting?'  She asked, but she knew that this was indeed the strongest evidence against her uncle Joe.

"Then it's something new.  Something that we haven't seen before."

"But what about Kir'nu?" She asked, bending to pick up the skull.  He had been right --- the barrel had enough room for the spine, ribs, and skull.

"Kir'nu was opened centuries ago, during the great battle.  This would be the first time in hundreds of years that demons tried again.  And in Brookfield?"

"I don't know."  She placed the skull gently into the acid, watching it bubble.  "But my uncle Joe wouldn't just run off."

"Hey, between you and me ---" Michael reached out and put a grimy hand on her much too large Red Sox t-shirt.  "I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.  But as far as the council is concerned, disappearing without a trace means that you're a traitor.  So until we find that trace, there's nothing we can do."

"Ew."  She looked down at the black stains on the shirt, thankful it was not her own attire.

"Yeah.  Sorry."  Michael did not look sorry at all.  "If you want to go inside and clean up, I can finish these bones.  Then we can talk about what you saw at the bar."

And why you left me here.  The words hung between them like a malicious promise.  

---------------------------------------

The shower washed the stains of the day off of her.  Gracie was slightly disappointed that she had been left without even a bruise --- some sort of proof that she had faced a demon today.  After all, it had been weeks since the last sighting for her mobile unit.  Truth be told, guardianship was 99% boring and 1% about saving the earth.  

She hadn't even unpacked the night before.  She rummaged through her suitcase for some new, clean clothes, and headed downstairs to have "the talk" with Michael.  As she descended, a warm and decadent smell filled the air.

"Your uncle had some soup in one of his cupboards."  He called to her, looking up from the stove.  "I figured you might be hungry."

She nodded, seating herself under the bronze and glass chandelier.  The kitchen table was also made of glass, and it reflected the chandelier's glow beautifully.  

"So tell me about it."  He said, reaching for the dial on the stove to turn the heat off.  "I hope you like cream of broccoli."  

"You were asleep, so I figured that I would head out and see where my uncle was last."  A relatively innocent reason to fly under her babysitter's radar, she hoped.  He raised his eyebrows but said nothing.  "It's this little dive bar.  It was empty when I got there, even though they were open.  I asked the hostess about my uncle and she immediately clammed up and ran in the back to get a cook.  So this guy comes out and tells me that I have to leave.  He looks utterly confused by the events, like I am, but I explain why I'm there and he remembers uncle Joe.  Says that he left with a woman the last night that he was there.  She was gorgeous, apparently, but because uncle Joe bought her drink, there was no way to identify her.  Then I left and there was that beast in the parking lot, waiting for me.  It cornered me against the door.  I didn't even have time to strip before I changed."

Michael had divided the soup between two bowls evenly and brought them to the table.  He had to open and close a few drawers before finding where her uncle had kept the silverware.

"Do you think it was a trap?"  He asked, taking a seat next to her.  She could feel heat emanating off of him, and felt a strange attraction.  She pushed those thoughts away.

"I don't know." She admitted.  "It could be that the demon noted our presence last night and had been stalking me, waiting for a time to strike.  It could be a random flux of the barrier.  Or it could be a trap.  But I don't know if the bar is the trigger, or the parking lot, or the entire damn city.  I have no idea."  She sighed.  Her story finished, she reached for her soup.  It was still hot, but she didn't care.  Gracie was ravenous.  

"Your uncle's shift is a tiger too, right?"  Michael asked.  His bright blue eyes seemed to pierce through her skull.  

"Yeah.  Our whole family is."  She agreed.  

"Do you think it could be the tiger?"  He asked.  Gracie shrugged.

"I don't know.  I obviously wasn't shifted when the demon showed up.  I also don't know why the demons would be targeting a specific shift.  But.  Who knows?"  

"Hmm." Michael pursed his lips.  "I wish you had waited for me.  I am here to help, you know."  He looked down at his soup, pushing it around with his spoon.

"I was under the impression that you were my jailer.  To make sure that I didn't go rogue, too."

He laughed.  "We don't really think you're going rogue, Gracie.  But the council is right.  Family is often stronger than duty.  Other guardians have been tempted in the past."

"I love my uncle, yes, but..."

"Are you saying that if he was a traitor, if you proved that he was a traitor.  If he admitted that he was a traitor... You would do you duty and kill him?"

Gracie was silent, mulling over the truth.  No, she would not kill her own blood.  

"Would you turn him in, at least?"  Michael's onslaught of questions continued.  "Would you be content to watch me or the council kill him?"

"He's not a traitor!"  She said, holding her spoon like a knife and slamming it onto the glass table.  Miraculously, the glass did not crack.  Michael slurped some more soup calmly, as if he had not just pestered her into a tirade.  

"See?  That's why I'm here.  So that if we find him --- I can do the right thing.  I take the power and responsibility out of your hands.  I'm the bad guy."  He spread his hands apologetically.  A chunk of broccoli slid from the tip of the spoon and hung dangerously before splattering on the table.  "We're not afraid of you going rogue, Gracie, because I won't let you do it.  But."  He took another sip of soup.  "In order for me to take that responsibility from you, you need to let me do my job.  Let me observe you.  Let me help you."

Angry tears brimmed at Gracie's eyes.  She looked towards the chandelier, willing the tears back into place.

"I'm not a bad person, Gracie."  Michael reached out and placed a comforting hand on her own.  "My mood last night had nothing to do with you.  I was angry at the council for giving me no choice in the matter.  Let's prove them wrong, okay?"  He squeezed gently.  The tears dripped traitorously from her eyes, but Michael chose to ignore them.  Gracie took a shuddering breath and nodded.  "I don't know what happened to your uncle, but if he hasn't gone rogue, then there is nothing to worry about."

They sat there, hand in hand, for what seemed like an eternity as Gracie gathered her self control.  Finally, strong enough to speak, Gracie asked for help.  "Can we go back to the Tiger Bar and Grille?  I bet they have security tapes.  They can show us who he left with."

"Do you think they'll just hand the tapes over?"  Michael asked, and Gracie shrugged, meeting his eyes.  They had a devilish twinkle in them.

"I doubt it.  But we can certainly try to find the back office and download their files to a flash drive."

Michael laughed, releasing her hand.  "The worst they can do is kick us out again."  Gracie pointed out.  "They certainly can't detain us long enough to call the cops and get the council involved."

"No, I suppose not.  We'll wait until tomorrow, though, if that's okay with you.  I bet that Friday night will be a lot busier than early Thursday evening."  Michael glanced at the clock hanging on the wall.  "I'm sure the council is waiting to hear from me."

"Are you going to tell them that I left without you?"  She asked, worried.  

"I'm going to tell them that as far as we can tell, it was a random attack.  We'll leave out the bar until we know more.  But."  He looked at her, his face serious.  "We are a team.  No more running off without me.  We'll worry about your uncle's fate when we find him. Deal?"  He extended his hand and she took it, shaking firmly.

"Deal."