# Blood and Wine

Gracie and Michael pulled into the parking lot of the Tiger Bar and Grille.  The neon sign made the entrance appear slightly more impressive than it had been the day before.  The parking lot was also full, and they were forced to park on a nearby one-way street next to some long-overfull dumpsters.  The stench made Gracie's stomach boil, but there was nothing they could do.

"Seems like a happening place."  Michael commented as they climbed the chipped concrete stairs towards the Tiger Bar and Grille.

"Happening?"  She asked, and he shrugged.

"Seemed appropriate."

They each showed ID to the bouncer at the front door.  He motioned them through.  Gracie realized with a start that the hostess podium was moved to the side and the resulting open space had been transformed into a makeshift dance floor.  Cheesy colored lights drifted over their faces, straight from the 1980's.  But for whatever reason, people loved it.  The heat was almost unbearable, generated from tens of bodies stacked in close proximity.  The dance floor was crowded, and the wait at the bar was three bodies deep.  

"Drink?" Michael asked.  His crisp black button down shirt was tight on his body, a perfect fit.  She nodded.  

"Might as well.  I'll see if I can't creep around towards the bathroom and see if there's an office."

With a final nod in agreement, they separated.  Gracie wound her way around the bodies and laughs of drunks, through the dance floor and into a small clearing near the swinging kitchen doors.  She traversed along the back wall until it opened into a dimly lit hallway.  Free of dancing bodies, the hallway was instantly quieter, though numerous women stood in a line, presumably for the women's bathroom.  The men's bathroom door was barren, but there was no way for her to get around the women without being seen.  

Needing time to think, she joined the back of the women's line.  The line moved surprisingly fast, and soon she was at a stall.  With no new ideas, she entered the stall and hung out for an appropriate amount of time.  The stall was surprisingly clean, but she had no urge to go.  A drunken voice rose above the rest.

"I don't WANT to go back out there!"  The woman cried.  One of her friends clucked at her, trying to calm her.  "He's an asshole.  I hate him!"  Ah, the drunken tears of a wronged woman.  What better excuse to be an obnoxious bitch in public?

That's it, she thought.  Drunken woman wanders down wrong hallway and ends up in office!  Excited, she opened the stall door a little too fast and did her best drunken stumble towards the sinks.  She splashed water everywhere during her hand washing, creating a buffer of disgusted, dignified women around her.  She left the bathroom, tripping over her own feet, and took a left out the door.

"You're heading the wrong way."  A helpful woman called from behind her.  Gracie ignored her.  The woman wouldn't risk losing her place in line in order to save some poor sod who would figure it out in a minute, anyway.  

Alone now, Gracie turned the corner and found a light shining through the cracked door.  She reached between her sweating breasts for the flash drive hidden safely inside her bra.  She paused, listening for movement.  She heard nothing.  Glancing behind her, Gracie pushed the door gently open.

Papers were strewn about the desk, the daily specials easel flung carelessly into the corner.  Even the floor had stray post it notes and trash strewn about.  Gracie stepped gingerly over the trash, trying her best to not poke incriminating holes with her heels.  She reached the desktop and sat cautiously in the chair.  She bent, searching for the closest USB port.  She flipped the stick twice before finding the proper orientation, and jammed it in with impatience.  

Doing her best to act drunk, she put her head between her knees and prayed that no one would enter the office until after her USB program had downloaded all of the video files.  She wavered a little in the chair, feigning dizziness.  The din of the bar still raged in the background, and Gracie hoped that whichever woman had tried to help her had already forgotten.  That she wouldn't go for help.

Beep.  The USB stick made a noise and relief washed over Gracie.  It was ready.  She pulled it out and stuffed it back between her breasts, rising unsteadily and taking large, clumsy steps over the trash on the floor and heading towards the door.  She wasn't sure if there was a hidden camera in the office, but she wanted to be sure to put on a good show.  

Freedom.  Safety.  Well, almost.  Gracie pulled the door back to its former state, barely cracked, and headed back down the hallway, falling once into the wall for good measure.  She rebounded from the wall and ran directly into the grey haired, angry hostess from the day before.

"You!"  The hostess seemed surprised, then anger and suspicious crossed her face. "You girl from yesterday!"  She said.  Gracie, with no good answer, pushed through the old woman and hurried down the hallway.  The woman's angry shouts attracted brief attention from the bathroom line, but Gracie paid them no mind.  She dove headlong into the crowd, searching for Michael.  He was standing near the corner of the bar, closest to the bathroom hallway.

"Michael!" She called.  He didn't hear her.  She scrambled closer, ducking between couples like a rat in a crowded kitchen.  "Michael!"  She called again, feet from him.

"We have to go!"  Her last word echoed in the bar as the music stopped and the overhead lights flicked on.  "Now." She added, blush creeping across her face.  She had his full attention, and he nodded.  

She also had the attention of a few curious bar patrons.  And Brian, the cook from the day before, who apparently decided to tend bar this evening.  He looked at her with a mix of surprise, annoyance, and regret on his face.  Michael closed the distance to Gracie and grabbed her arm, leading her through the throng of complaining bar patrons.  Gracie knew that the angry hostess --- owner? --- had to be close.  

"Fire exit."  He hissed, just over the din of customers.  She saw the bright red EXIT sign along the side wall and walked behind him.  People made a path, assuming that they either knew what they were doing or were finding someplace better to do their thing.  

"Sorry for the delay, folks." The announcement came over the loudspeakers in Brian's voice.  Grace suffocated the urge to turn around.  "Just some technical difficulties here that should be resolved shortly."  

Gracie wondered if Brian would tell the angry woman about seeing her again.  Or if he would just sympathetically keep his mouth shut.  No need to worry about it now, though.  Michael pushed the metal bar against the door and it opened into the cool night.  

"Fire exit my ass."  Michael grumbled.  "Not even an alarm?"  It was true.  Despite the bright white sign reading "THIS DOOR IS FOR EMERGENCIES ONLY. ALARM WILL RING IF OPENED," the door did nothing of the sort.  It shut behind them, leaving them momentarily blinded.

"You get the files?" He asked her, panting from the exertion.  He leaned against the door.  There was no way to re-enter from this side.

"Yeah.  But the hostess --- she must be the owner --- caught me on the way out.  Recognized me."

"Maybe I should've done that part."  He grumbled.  

"It's fine.  We got the files."  She said and he nodded.

"Do you feel that?"  He asked her suddenly, and she became aware of a growing disease in her stomach.

"Yes." She said.  "I'm starting to think that the attack on me was not random."  He pushed off of the door and began furiously unbuttoning his shirt.  She shrugged out of her dress in seconds, kicking the heels off.  They clanged against the dumpster.  She reached in her bra for the USB stick and wrapped it quickly in her dress.

She scanned the area for danger, nipples hardening in the cool air.  She unclipped the bra and slid out of it.  Finally, she saw the eyes glimmer from a shadowy darkness.

"Corner."  She said, watching Michael appreciatively as he stepped from his pants.  "The far left corner.  I see eyes."

"Right corner, too."  He said, not looking back at her.  "It seems that this is a full out attack."  

Naked, they stood back to back.  Gracie was shaking from the cold, and perhaps a bit from the adrenaline rushing through her body.  

"See you on the other side."  She said.  "Try not to kill me."

"Me kill you?"  He asked, reaching for her hand and squeezing it.  "You're easy to spot.  Mine is a bear.  Please don't maul me."

"I'll try."  She agreed.  They each took a step forward and fell to their hands and knees, fur sprouting from their pores.  The change came quickly, and Gracie's ears picked up the sounds of rats scurrying away.  Why had the demons not attacked yet?  She turned and glanced at Michael.  His change was slower, and his ears were just now growing to points, his feet flattening and then thickening into giant paws.  The grizzly stood before her, his human eyes changing last to a deep yellow.  With no way to communicate, she pawed the ground.  The bear shrugged, a very human-like gesture, and they stood in silence, lungs gasping in the frosty air.  Each breath came like a quiet roar, puffing in front of their mouths before disappearing.

The rats had finished skittering, and now there was only silence and eyes.  More than two pairs, Gracie realized with dismay.  There were now six separate pairs of eyes reflecting the safety light above the emergency exit. Tiger-Gracie took her first step, stalking towards the darkness.  Her cat's night vision was kicking in, and she saw three miniature imps standing on an air conditioning coil; two beasts similar to the one she had fought the day before, and one red-eyed child.  Yes, a child.

Gracie heard Michael follow and hoped that his vision was as good as hers.  The distance closed between her and one of the beasts.  The beast leapt first.

The hyena-bear hybrid was better built than the one from the day before.  Stronger.  She avoided its dangerously long claws and bounded towards the imps instead.  Taken by surprise, the first imp almost fell into her mouth, and she clamped down, shaking it hard and flinging it towards the beast.  The awkward hyena-bear hybrid had just turned and begun to leap again when the heavy-boned imp crashed into him, stopping his momentum mid-air.  Both landed in a tangle of claws and feet.  Bear-Michael roared and tiger-Gracie turned on instinct, narrowly avoiding the second beast's gaping mouth.  She bounded towards the child, who scrambled out of the way, laughing with a high pitched giggle.  

She recovered from her escape and turned back towards the beasts.  She saw the bear atop the second beast, tearing at its neck.  A sickening crunch sounded.  A flicker of light caught the tiger's eye and she bounded towards it, closing the distance before the imp could throw his fireball.  The fire flew harmlessly behind the imp and sputtered out as tiger-Gracie ripped his head off.  The sickeningly sweet taste of demon blood propelled Gracie into a blood-rage, and she dropped the head next to its corpse, ready to hunt for her next victim.  The first imp lay crumbled on the pavement, too broken to fight, and the remaining beast was facing off with Michael.  Tiger-Gracie moved towards them.  The child's laughter had not stopped, and had turned into an unearthly cackle, a cacophony of noise that irritated the tiger to no end.  

She tried her best to flank the beast, but it backed up, turning to face both bear and tiger.  Bear-Michael growled and stalked towards the beast.  Cornered, the beast roared and lifted up to its hind legs, about to strike with a clawed front foot.  Bear-Michael leapt towards the creature and locked onto its neck with his powerful jaws.  Gracie leapt, too, landing on the beast's back and biting between its shoulder blades.

The beast may have tried to scream.  It wriggled desperately between the two guardians before collapsing onto the bear, dead. Tiger-Gracie leapt off of the beast so that bear-Michael could push his way free of the mass.  Both were stained and matted with black demon blood.  

The only demon left was the boy child.  He was standing near the dead beast, paying the guardians no mind as they approached.

"Welcome, Guardians."  He said.  His voice was not that of a child.  It was deep and ominous, echoing against the building.  Gracie moved behind the young boy, and Michael flanked him from the front.  "You can't stop us.  I am but one of many."  The boy's voice grated on her nerves.  As he opened his mouth to speak again, Gracie leapt, landing her massive paws on the humanoid's back.  It fell, crushed underneath her weight.  She took his whole head in her mouth and crunched.  Blood splattered.

---------------------------------------

"Well, I don't think it's random anymore."  Michael announced as he finished buttoning his shirt.  "You want to call it in?"  

"Well, we definitely need clean up."  Gracie commented, surveying the carnage.  "But I left my phone in the car.   You have yours?"

"Yeah.  Pockets."  He pulled his phone from the pants and dialed.  

Gracie walked across the empty lot towards the headless, crushed demon boy.  He was exceptionally white and lifeless, as she had drained the lifeblood from his body.  Now it sickened her.  How excited her tiger had been to have fresh demon blood.  

"Don't think about it too much." Michael said.  She could hear the phone ringing in his ear.  "Was that your first kid?"

"No," She admitted.  "But the aftermath never gets any easier."

"We like it because it's our job to like it."  He said.  "It's the magic.  It's not you."  He turned away from her when the ringing stopped.  "Yeah, we have another clean up in Brookfield.  This time it's behind the Tiger Bar and Grille."  He gave a few more identifying details and hung up the phone.

"We should probably wait until they get here.  Just to make sure the shifter-stupor doesn't wear off.  We don't know if someone's going to come out that door."  He said.  "You still have the flash drive?"

"Yeah."  She nodded, patting her breasts.  "It was wrapped in my dress while we were dealing with them."

"Good job."  He said.  He walked towards the child.  "You know... this means its serious."  He poked the headless body with his brown dress shoe.  "Beast demons are one thing.  Humanoids..."

"I know."  She agreed, standing next to him.  The white and blue striped shirt had been torn to shreds on the abdomen.  She wondered if the demon had stolen an actual child or merely taken the form from a nearby image.  

"Maybe you're right." He said.   "I have a feeling that your uncle didn't go rogue.  The activity here... it's just too coincidental.  There were no demon reports for months before his disappearance.  And now, all of this activity." Michael waved his hand at the carnage.  "It's like they've set a trap around this bar."

"Do you think they took him and hoped that it would attract other guardians?"  Gracie asked suddenly.  "Like moths to a flame?"

"Another Kir'nu?"  He responded and she shrugged.  

"I don't know.  It just... it's like you said back at the house.  They would've used him for a portal if it was just one demon.  And if he went rogue, why would he do it if Brookfield was so active?  And why wouldn't he tell anyone about the activity?"

"One theory that was thrown around the council..." Michael trailed off, unsure of how to say it.  "Some said that your uncle was very torn up after his demon encounters.  He couldn't stand to look at himself in the mirror somedays."

"It's always hard at first."  Gracie started to defend him, but Michael cut her off.

"Of course it is.  It's just... He had problems for years.  He would go on depression-fueled binges.  Like somehow, every time he killed a demon, he became less and less worthy of living."

"I never saw that."

"Of course you didn't, Gracie." Michael turned to her.  "He shielded you from it, and so did your dad.  Not all guardians make it to old age.  The council half-expected him to commit suicide."

"Or go rogue." She finished his thought for him.  

"So, what then?"

"Some think that he may have been looking for a way out.  Redemption of sorts.  We didn't even know if switching sides was possible, but then he disappeared."

"You think he willingly went to the demons?"

"I don't."  He emphasized.  "But some on the council threw it around when the reports first came."

"But again... wouldn't they use him for a portal?"  She insisted.  "Why would they keep him alive?"

"Maybe as an informant?"  Michael kicked a nearby pebble.  "I don't know.  Again.  It wasn't my idea. I'm just sharing what some people thought."

"It was Regis, wasn't it."  Her question was more of a statement.  Michael said nothing.  "Regis can suck a big fat dick."  She concluded.  "My uncle didn't switch sides.  That's crazy."

"They should be here soon.  We'll go home and watch the tapes, and figure out what to do next."  Michael changed the subject abruptly.  "Maybe we should make a pile.  Speed up the process."

