# Haunted Dreams

She could feel the eyes on her as she walked down the narrow hallway.  The lone, flickering light made her vision shimmer, and distorted the view up ahead.  She was looking for something.  A doorway opened just inside her line of vision, and her pace quickened.  Whatever she needed, she knew she would find it inside.

She stepped into the brightly lit room.  Her heart sank.  In the center of the room, a bound man lay his head hopelessly on his own shoulder. She realized with a sinking feeling that it was her Uncle Joe there, unconscious.  She rushed into the room but it dissolved.  She was standing alone in an abandoned industrial lot.  The flaking metal buildings loomed over her.  She turned around, still thinking of her uncle when a bright light came floating down from near the streetlights.  She blinked, and suddenly it was a young woman, a weird, mirror image of herself.  Her red hair was flowing back over her shoulders, dressed in all white.

"Grace."  The woman said, and her voice rumbled deep within Gracie's bones.  "Your uncle needs you."

----------------------------------------------

Grace awoke to hammers pounding in her head.  Blinking away the sleep from her eyes, she realized that the hammer was a heartbeat.  Not her own.  Her pillow was warm and fuzzy.  She pushed against the mattress to lift herself up and realized suddenly that the mattress was a person.  Michael, to be exact.  

He groaned and twitched, but remained asleep.  Gracie breathed a sigh of relief.  Pressing gently upwards, she slid out of the bed and headed towards the bathroom. An uneasy feeling washed over her as fragments of her dream came flooding back.  The warehouse complex.  Her weird, doppleganger twin.  Gracie had had weird dreams in the past, but this one took the cake.

Had it been a true dream?  She contemplated this as she stepped under the hot water.  Bemused, she noticed the faint outline of fingers on her upper arm.  From... him.  She touched them gently, wincing when each gave a sharp warning pain.  Apparently the night before had been rougher than she remembered.

"Can I join you?" Michael's voice startled her.  

"I had a weird dream."  She announced, stepping to the side to let Michael step through the spray.  "I saw my uncle."

"Where?"  He asked.  He reached forward to take the blue bottle from the corner shelf.  

"I don't know." She admitted.  "It was like a warehouse."

"Huh."  He said.  "Switch?" She nodded and they awkwardly rotated around each other until Gracie was in the spray and Michael was outside of it, soaping furiously.  

"There was a woman."  She said, leaning back into the spray.  She let the warmth cascade down her shoulders.

"The woman from the bar?"  He asked her.  She shook her head.

"No... She looked like me.  She told me that he needed me."

"I see."  He said.  They switched again.  "So what do you think it means?"

"I don't know."  She said.  

"Do you think it was a true dream?" He asked.  

"I don't know." Her gut rumbled.  "It could've been.  Or it could just be me, missing my uncle."

"Do you think it could be a trick?"  He asked.  She stepped from the shower, clean and ready to start her day.  She pulled the curtain closed behind her.

"Maybe."  She was uncertain, still.  She reached for the scratchy towel that hung on a hook by the door.  "I'll see you downstairs.  Enjoy."  She shut the bathroom door gently behind her, trying her best to not let the steam escape.

The kitchen was drafty, but the sun was shining through the window and Gracie didn't mind shivering.  She opened the cupboards and suddenly remembered just how bare they had been the day before.  Had they really not bothered to go shopping yet?

She settled on another cream of broccoli. Yanking the pot from a pile of clean dishes, she grimaced at the resulting clatter.  Good thing that Michael was already awake.  Hiss. Click, click. Swoosh. The gas stove lit in seconds and Gracie searched for a can opener. 

"What do you need?" Gracie jumped at Michael's voice.  The can of soup fell from her hand.  She leaned over to pick it up, her towel dangling dangerously low.  Goosebumps crawled across her skin.

"Can opener."  She replied, gripping the can tightly.  That was twice he had startled her.

"You're a little jumpy this morning."  He walked over towards one of the drawers and pulled the can opener from its jaws.  "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine."  She took the can opener.

"It isn't because of last night, right?"  He asked, leaning against the counter.  His chest hair sparkled, still wet from the shower.  The baby-blue towel wrapped around his hips like a chastity belt.  "I didn't hurt you?"

"No, no."  Gracie forced a smile, despite her embarrassment at his blunt attitude.  "You're fine. Last night was fine.  I'm just distracted."

"Your uncle?"

"Yes."  The can sputtered as the teeth of the opener dug in.  She twisted the knob with determination.  "And then my dream..."

"What would you like to do about that?"  He asked.  A weird look crossed his face. "And why are you eating soup for breakfast?"

"I..."  Gracie looked down at the soup can and shrugged.  "It was the first thing that I could find. And probably nothing.  There aren't even any warehouses around here, are there?  It was just a stupid, silly, dream." The lid popped off with a click and Gracie set the can opener and lid aside, dumping the can's contents unceremoniously into the warming pot.  

"There's an industrial complex outside of town.  We passed it on the way in."  Michael said.  Even his legs were perfect --- Gracie caught herself eyeing him like a piece of meat and looked away.  

"Are you suggesting that we go check it out?"  She asked him, and he shrugged.

"I think we should tell the council, first."  Michael chided gently.  Gracie felt her cheeks redden.