# Councilors

"Joe was a valued Guardian.  We're not disagreeing with you, Gracie.  We're just saying that... he's gone. No one knows where, or how.  He's gone rogue." The bald black man stood silhouetted by the flood lights.  

"Uncle Joe would never..."

"No one ever thinks that their own family member, their own blood, would go rogue.  It's just not in them...  But Grace, you know as well as I do that he didn't send out any distress calls.  His money is gone.  His clothing.  The only thing left in that house is furniture.  His talismans are gone. Would he have done that if he was planning to come back?"

"What if it was blackmail, Regis?  You can't deny that we get people who try to blackmail us for what we are." Her eyes were determined, her stance strong.

"Yes, Grace, and we have protocols for that. Report to the council immediately. What could some blackmailer possibly have against Joe? Surely he wouldn't care if a mortal tried to out him as a shifter.  And our cultural rules were eliminated years ago.  You are allowed to coexist with mortals. Surely he wouldn't be ashamed of a relationship."

"He doesn't have anyone in his life like that, Regis. You know that. There have never been any reports ---"

"Just because he didn't report a relationship to you doesn't mean he wouldn't report it to us.  We know he was like a father to you, Gracie."  Another man spoke up.  Grace turned to look at him.

"Are you saying that he had a relationship?"  She stalked towards him, tiger-like and determined.  He shook his head.

"No, Gracie.  As far as anyone knows, Joe didn't have a relationship recently.  But he could have.  And he could have kept it a secret from everyone."

"So... what?  He ran away with his new bride-to-be?" She asked.  "Really?  That's your best guess."

"No one said that, Gracie." Regis' voice came behind her.  She turned towards him instead.  "What we are saying is that he's gone, and it doesn't look like a demon attack."

"Maybe the demons got tricky." She insisted.  "Here.  If you don't believe me, that's fine.  But let me." Gracie poked her own chest for emphasis, her voice cracking.  "Let me take his post in Brookfield.  Let me investigate his disappearance.  And if, at the end, I find something that says he went rogue, that's fine.  I'll let it go.  But don't call my uncle a traitor and then take away my power to prove you wrong."  

"Gracie... the rules say that..."

"I know the rules." She protested. "And no where in the rules is there a prohibition against family taking over lost guardians' posts."  She took a breath to steady himself.  Angry tears were threatening to brim over.  "Nor is there a prohibition against family taking over a rogue's post.  That's tradition, and I call bullshit.  Give me his post.  Who wants Brookfield anyway?"  She turned towards the crowd and pointed at Martin. "You?  Do you want Brookfield?"  She turned again, this time pointing at a young black woman named Amy.  "You?  Do you want to spend the rest of your life in Brookfield, Illinois?"

"We will have to discuss this, Gracie." Regis said curtly, cutting her off before her tirade could continue.  "Please leave and allow the council to convene."

Gracie nodded and turned on her heel to leave.  The other members of the council parted like a wave for her and she reached the wooden door with ease.  Shutting it softly behind her, Gracie leaned her body against the cool concrete of the bunker wall.

"Shit." She said quietly, rubbing tears away from her eyes.  She knew Joe hadn't gone rogue.  She had talked to the man not two weeks ago and he had sounded fine.  Excited for the holidays, even.  There was something wrong in Brookfield, and Gracie was going to figure out exactly what it was.  

Exhaustion loomed over her as she looked up at the beige painted concrete wall just an arm's length away. If she shifted now, would he get trapped in the bunker? Would she be able to move?  Had Uncle Joe gotten trapped somewhere?

The door opened next to him. Hot and sticky air flowed from the chamber as Gracie looked up to see Janene smile down at her.

"You can come back in now."

"Thanks Janene." She took her offered hand and stepped back into the room.  The council was silently staring at her and she felt her face threaten a blush. She pushed it away.  "Your decision?"  She asked, feet spread wide and arms over chest.

"We will allow you to become the new guardian at Brookfield.  You may investigate your uncle's disappearance, but you must keep us informed of any and all news through a nightly update.  Michael has volunteered to be your keeper."  Regis gestured at the tall, muscled man who had spoken earlier.  He looked annoyed, angry even, as he stood there, arms crossed, staring her down.  

"Is he coming to Brookfield with me?" She asked, scared to address him directly.  His glare left her stomach in tangles.  How could he hate her this much?

"Yes.  He will accompany you and help you in your beginning guardian duties.  He will also oversee any... investigations... that you decide to do.  This will ensure that we are informed and are able to intervene when necessary."

"When I fuck up.  That's what you mean."  She said quietly, and no one argued with her.  "Other women have held posts before."  She said, her voice raising.  "Join the twenty first century.  Women are as capable as men.  Just because we held onto the archaic constructs of ---"

"Gracie.  Let me be clear."  Regis interrupted her, a smile playing across his features.  "We are not giving you a keeper because you're a woman.  We're giving you a keeper because your uncle has gone rogue and we want to ensure that you don't follow in his footsteps."

"I am not a traitor!" She roared, slamming her foot on the ground for emphasis, like an elephant ready to stampede.

"No one has called you a traitor." Regis' calm voice grated her nerves.  "But love of family sometimes rises above love of duty.  Were it anyone else in this situation," Regis waved his hand across the breadth of the room, "They would also be given a keeper.  Not everything is about you, Gracie.  Or your womanhood."


--------------------

A million conversations threatened in her head, but none could breach the ocean of awkward that lay between she and Michael.  Gracie was a thunderhead of emotions, angry and afraid, stubborn yet oddly aroused by the silent muscled man that headed the vehicle.

She had driven first, of course.  But it had grown late and she offered to switch at the end of a tank.  He had agreed, and those were the first words spoken after they had left the meeting house.  

The house loomed dark in the headlights, dead and broken.  She had not been to the Brookfield manor in years, and was struck by how little upkeep her uncle had done.  The shutters were hanging by single nails, and the peeling paint was visible despite the poor light, turning the house she had grown up in into a grotesque sycamore imitation.  

"This is it." She announced, popping open her door.  The cab light flickered on, momentarily blinding her.  She gathered her things from the front seat and stood outside the SUV, waiting for Michael to move.  He turned the key, and the engine rumbled to a halt.

"Do you have the door key?" It was as if every word pained him.  

"Yeah, it's right here." She said, ignoring his tone and digging the key from her front pocket.  She was stiff, as if it had been years and not hours since she had last stood.  

"I'll meet you inside, then."  He said, opening his own door.  She nodded, a rush of emotions running through her.

In her fantasies over the last few hours, she had begun to think that his gruffness was just a side effect of the council, and that it would wear off over time.  Perhaps she could even rely on him to help her find her uncle.  But with each word from his mouth, her hope was diminishing.  Was this his punishment for some crime?  Had her uncle wronged him long ago, and now he was out for revenge?  What could possibly make this man hate her so much?  She would have to do things her own way, she decided.  With or without Michael. 