# Following The Trail

"This is it." She said to no one in particular, turning the car off.  She realized that her heart was pounding.  She exited the car and walked towards the black frosted door of the "Tiger Bar and Grill."  The bank had given her the address of her uncle's final transaction, which had been enough for her.  

The door clanged rudely as she opened it, bells jangling off of the push bar on the other side.  An elderly Asian hostess looked up over her wire-rimmed glasses.  

"Just one today?" She asked as Gracie approached the tall podium.

"I'm actually here about my uncle..." Gracie started, but she was cut off sharply.

"No here for food?" The woman asked, haughtily pushing the glasses farther up her face.

"No, my uncle went missing, and his last purchase ---"

"Wait here."  The woman jumped off of the podium step and hurried away before Gracie could finish her explanation.  The bar was surprisingly empty, but covered in red velvet hangings depicting tigers fighting, drinking, and posing with Egyptian-like drawings of humans.  A dark-skinned cook emerged from the double doors leading into the kitchen, heading towards the podium and Gracie.

"I'm sorry ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to leave."  The man said, smiling courteously.  Gracie got the sense that he was as confused as she about the sudden rudeness.

"Excuse me?"  Gracie looked at him, astounded.  Leave?  She had to leave?

"Ma'am..." He trailed off, looking furtively behind him.  "The hostess doesn't feel comfortable with you here."

"Maybe you can help me, then?" She asked.  "My uncle, Joe Bales, is missing.  His last transaction was here.  At this bar."

"I don't..." A thought passed behind his eyes, but then it was gone.  "I might have seen him leave with a woman.  Joe was a regular.  I just figured that he didn't need to come out anymore.  She was pretty damn hot."

"Do you... Do you know her name?" The cook was gently corralling her towards the exit.

"No ma'am. Sorry.  He bought her the only drink she had.  Have you called the cops?"

They were at the door now.  "We like to keep things in the family."  She explained, shaking her head, no.  "Some think he might've run away from his life."

"I would have.  That girl was hot!"  The small emphasis on hot made her stomach turn.  Had Joe actually gone rogue?

"I'm sorry I can't be of more help."  He continued, jangling the door open.  "But that's all I know.  Good luck to you."

"Thanks."  Gracie looked at his lapel and saw his name tag.  "Thanks Brian.  I appreciate it."

"Have a good day now."  He said, pulling the door shut behind him.  

The instant the bar door shut, Gracie's demon-sense raged.  Something was wrong.  A low growl came from the right.  Gracie turned, using the wall to brace herself.

A dark-furred beast stood in the gloomy corner where the bar met another building.  It lunged.  Gracie had no time to prepare.  She reacted.

The change was messy.  T-shirt and jeans tore as Gracie fell to her hands and knees, hair sprouting from her skin in a grotesquely beautiful orange-black pattern.  She screamed as the change took hold, and it turned into a squeak and then a roar.  Her head grew fatter and face flattened, sprouting whiskers. Her ears elongated to points and her body, now grace and lithe, was ready for battle.  She crouched low and growled.

The beast was moving fast.  Gracie moved faster, leaping up and over, landing beyond the beast and turning around for another pass.  The beast skidded to a halt and thudded into the glass door.  Gracie leapt again, this time making contact.  Her claws dug into flesh and the beast growled in anger.

Its ragged fur bled black under her claws as it struggled to free itself.  She had it pinned against the door.  She raked her claws down its back.  The skin tore too easily, as if it was made of thin cotton.  It fell away, revealing a bloody, muscle-ridden mass.  The creature screamed as Gracie lifted up again and landed on the body, claws extended.  Her teeth tore into the meat like it was frosting on a cupcake.  Bone shone through, as white as her teeth.  Her fur was caked in stick, black blood, but it tasted sweet as chocolate to the big cat.  She feasted.

Time passed until all that was left was bone and flakes of skin.  Gracie sat next to the bones, licking the stickiest parts of blood and meat from her large paws.  She gazed at her bloodied reflection in the frosted black glass of the restaurant door.

Suddenly, the human side of Gracie realized that it was time for her to go.  The demon was dead, which meant that human life would soon resume around her.  She looked at the tatters of her clothes, scattered across the parking lot.  They were no good.  

Human.  Human.  I need to be human.  She thought these words, and the changes began.  Good kitty, she told herself as she suddenly found herself squatting, naked, in the bar and grill parking lot.   She stood.

"Shit." She muttered.  She jogged towards the corner where her purse had been tossed carelessly, mid-change to tiger, and rummaged through the find her keys.  The air was crisp and she knew that if the magic faded, soon, some people would have an eyeful.  She pressed the unlock button and ran to the car, holding her purse in one hand and her breasts in the other.  

The emergency kit was always in the trunk.  In any guardian vehicle.  In this SUV, it was under a "theft prevention" gray, cloth covered plastic sheet.  She lifted it, relieved to find a pair of shorts and a t-shirt folded neatly waiting for her.  The Red Sox theme annoyed her, and the shirt was too large, but it would have to do.  She set her purse down and quickly shrugged into the shirt and shorts. She grabbed her keys, leaving the purse in the back, and moved to the back seat to prop the door open.  She had to clean up what she could.  

The bones were heavy.  Demon bones always were.  The beast had been bear-sized, and so, the full skeleton almost filled the back seat and, had it been assembled, would've been peeking out the back window.  Gracie jammed it down as best she could, struggling with a leg bone that wouldn't seem to lay down flat on top of the pile.  She compromised, leaving it at an angle and resting against the back passenger window.  

The car started fluidly, and Gracie pulled out, picking up her phone to make the call.

"Clean up crew needed."  She spoke the words.  "Brookfield's Tiger Bar and Grill.  I have the bones."  She hung up and tossed the phone on the front seat.   
#
Fear broiled in her stomach.  How was Gracie going to explain a random demon attack to the gruff keeper that the council had placed over her?  Was it coincidence?  She doubted it.  Public demon attacks on Guardians were rare.  In daylight?  Even rarer.

The SUV rumbled ever closer to home as Gracie considered her options.  She could let it all out now.  Explain that she had gone investigating on her own, and had run into some trouble.  She'd run the risk of being taken off the case, then.  And no one else would bother and her uncle would fade into obscurity... no.  She couldn't do that. 

She was hungry?  That sounds kind of lame.  But then even though the attack is unusual, it could just be indicative of activity in the area.  Which would still attract council attention, but at least they wouldn't point the finger at her.  And maybe increased surveillance would draw out whichever demon was responsible for her uncle's disappearance.  

She pulled into the gravel driveway.  Telling him about the demon attack and nothing else --- that was her best bet.