# Prologue

The bar clammer seemed to completely fade away when she walked.  Dark, luxurious legs carried a tightly dressed body forward into the crowds, but they parted like the red sea.  Joe looked up from his glass.  She was headed straight towards him.

"Miller, please."  He turned and realized that the bartender was just as entranced as he.  

"Right away, ma'am." The barkeep turned with a glass in hand to the tap behind him.  Joe looked her up and down critically.  There wasn't an eyelash out of place.

"Hi." Joe spoke, and the woman's dark eyes glanced in his direction.  

"Hi." Her voice was deeper than it had been with the barkeep. More sultry.  

"Can I get that for you?" He asked pointedly as the bartender returned with her drink.  

"Absolutely."  Her voice was alluring, eyes bright with mischief.

"You can put that on my tab, Brian." Joe pointed at the beer and the bartender glowered, but nodded.  

"Thanks."  The tall woman rose from the bar, beer in hand, and began to walk away.

"Hey, wait." Joe complained.  "Sit.  Chat awhile."

"Oh?" She turned to him and smiled.  "My friends are on their way..." She trailed off, "I wouldn't want to be rude."

"You won't be. I promise."  Joe put on his best shit-eating grin.  He pushed the empty stool next to him out and patted it gently.  "You can leave when your friends come."

"Alright then."  She took a seat.  "So, what's your name, handsome?"

"Joe." He responded.  "Joe Martin."

"And what do you do, Joe Martin?" The woman had an American accent, but still managed to make his name sounds exotic and sexy.  He laughed.

"I'm a... I'm a security guard."

"What do you guard?" She asked. Her eyes, her shoulders, her entire body was pointed towards him, begging to know more.   

"People.  Stuff." Joe said vaguely.  "Enough about me.  What's your name?"

"Melinda."  Sex dripped from her voice.  Joe looked down and was assaulted by her cleavage, pushed perfectly into a tight, low cut shimmering dress.

"And what do you do?"  Joe prompted.  His eyes were glued to her chest and it took Brian slamming a new glass on the bar, inches from his ear, to bring his eyes back to center.

"I'm a... consultant, of sorts."  She said.  She reached for her beer and sipped at it.  "I take problems and make them better."

"I've certainly got a problem right now."  Joe said, the words falling from his mouth before he could take them back.

"Oh?" She asked, her lashes dipping to cover her eyes in a determinedly long blink.  

"Yes.  I found a woman tonight, but I just don't know what to do.  She seems like she must be pretty hurt."  He waited for her to respond, but she said nothing, only stared at him, her expression unreadable.

"She did fall from heaven and all."  He finished lamely, immediately ashamed of himself.  Lame pick up lines were no way to get this beautiful woman to come home with him.  

"I see," She said, reaching over to initiate contact.  She slid a finger along the length of his chin and down his throat.  "And would this woman be me?"  Her touch ended at his chest, circling a nipple briefly.  In any other light it would be weird, but Joe found himself sweating from the fire trail she had carved on his throat and chest.  His heart was pounding in his ears.  He nodded, almost too eagerly.

"Oh, my." She said.  Her finger trailed lower, beyond his stomach to his leg, and began making its way to more private areas.  Joe clattered backwards, surprised and aroused at the same time.

She grabbed his arm surprisingly hard and kept him up right.

"Are you okay?" She asked, a devilish grin playing across her lips. His cheeks felt flaming red, and he nodded.  

"Sorry. I had this sinus infection last week and my balance is still off..." He mustered an excuse and for some reason, it seemed to fly.  She looked concerned.  

"Why don't we get you some fresh air?"  She suggested.  She reached for her beer and finished it in seconds, then stood, seemingly unaffected, and offered her arm to him.  He took it, deciding to play-act dizziness right into her pants. Well, dress.

"That might be a good idea." He agreed, standing and allowing her to lead him out of the bar.  Brian would close out his tab without a problem.  He was reliable.

-------------------------

The parking garage entrance was cool and damp, a stark contrast to the warm and stuffy interior of the bar.  He had not let go of her arm, and indeed, had even leaned on her during a "dizzy spell" on the way out.  She offered a puff of her lit cigarette, but he declined.

"So..." His voice trailed off, but given his luck so far, he decided to take the chance.  "When are you going to have your way with me, Melody?"

"Oh, soon, I think." She responded quietly, leaning in to nip at his chin with her teeth.  "Or is it the other way around?" She purred, her mouth moving farther up his neck.  "Will you have your way with me?"

Joe felt her arms tighten around his waist and arms.  He thought it was a hug, but much like a snake, the grip continued to tighten.

"Hey. Not so hard." He squeaked out, beginning to struggle.  She laughed an unearthly laugh, much deeper than any human female could produce.

Suddenly, Joe realized that his demon-sense was going haywire.  He looked over her shoulder and saw red, red eyes coming from the shadows.  He had been duped.

"No!" He cried, struggling harder.  Trying to force his change to come.  Anything to fight the she-demon off and find his way to safety.  The tiger stuttered in and out of existence, dying futilely like a month to the flame.  One final burst of orange fur, and then only limp man remained in the demon huntress' arms.